Integrate Your Printer Model
This document is for 3D printer manufacturers who wish to integrate a printer model with Print Manager desktop utility. You should read the Print Manager documentation before reading this page.
Print Manager is an open-source utility program used by Print Studio, Print Manager supports FDM and DLP printers. 
The Print Manager workflow:
1.	List 3D printers - Print Studio users see a list of 3D printers that they can use.  The list is generated by Print Manager, and can be viewed in the Print Manger Console without running Print Studio.
2.	Add new printer - Print Manager may receive a request to connect a new 3D printer to Print Studio or to the Console. The new printer will be connected by USB, serial connection or IP address.
3.	Receive instructions for physical model - When a Print Studio user submits a 3D print, Print Manager is sent a file of instructions for generating the physical model. The instructions are not specific to any 3D printer model and arrive in different formats for DLP and FDP printers. 
4.	Translate the instructions into a printable file - Print Manager translates the received instructions into a printable file specific to the selected 3D printer model.
5.	Send the printable file to the printer - Print Manager sends the printable file to the selected 3D printer through the following transports: IP (address or Mac Bonjour discovery), serial port or USB port.
For more information see Print Manager. Print Manager's source code is available at https://github.com/spark3dp/print-manager.
Print Manager creates a local version of the Spark API that can be run on any desktop computer and does not require an internet connection. 
